docs(readme): add granian as an alternative (#2359)
Kludex/uvicorn: README.md

[Mangum][mangum] is an adapter for using ASGI applications with AWS Lambda & API Gateway.

### Granian

> [Granian][granian] is a Rust HTTP server for Python applications which supports ASGI/3, RSGI and WSGI, HTTP/1 and HTTP/2, HTTPS and Websockets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Granian][granian] is a Rust HTTP server for Python applications which supports ASGI/3, RSGI and WSGI, HTTP/1 and HTTP/2, HTTPS and WebSockets.
```

> [Granian][granian] is a Rust HTTP server for Python applications which supports ASGI/3, RSGI and WSGI, HTTP/1 and HTTP/2, HTTPS and WebSockets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Granian][granian] is an ASGI compatible Rust HTTP server which supports HTTP/2, TLS and WebSockets.
```
